hey Travis here with this week at winter
place when we're open to the top of the
mountain
today we're on snow bowl which is now
open also at West Virginia's largest
snow tubing park is open plus we've
opened the Hickory terrain park so it's
a great time to get in your car head on
up here to winter place this week we've
opened several trails including the
expert runs plunge and nose dive
intermediate trails last chance last run
and of course a winter place favorite
snow bowl we've also opened the beginner
trail over easy and as mentioned the
Hickory terrain park is now open as well
don't should be here winter place is a
blast and it's a great time to get
outside and enjoy some winter fun with
your family and friends our snow TV park
is the hill you dreamed up as a kid but
again without the walk back to the top
we've got two super carpet lifts to do
that for you and take you to the top
fast and one thing we say at winter
place is we provide the tubes you
provide the smiles if you're coming to
winter place to ski or snowboard check
out our add-on tubing ticket for the
latest conditions visit our web site and
check out our snow report also like us
on Facebook and follow us on Twitter we
update those every day with pictures
videos special deals giveaways and more
now here's a look at conditions this
week at winter place